# Additional key questions raised by a developer

1\. ML algorithm - developing it, train it, test it, and in the end make it Production ready, which of course will trigger the cycle again from beginning (develop -> train ->test -> develop ->...) several times, its not worth it from my perspective. The AI / ML hype started since more than a decade or so (ofc AI is a lot more older). Since then a lot of platforms, libraries, providers offer out of the box ML services.  My question here is, why write an own ML model? What is the benefit of it? Lets say we would pay 2 developers for a year to make this perfect, this will costs like minimum 130k euro (65k euro each developer). And this amount doesn't include infrastructure costs and other developing expenses.  If you pay a provider like AWS, GCP or any other one, lets say u get a monthly invoice of 2k Euro, 24k euro a year. Saves on effort, headache, costs and most probably u will get better results with their ML model since they have been working on it for years.

2\. Android only - the problem as we discussed is that Apple has a lot of restrictions in iOS. The market target is only for Android users. I read an article that in the US for the first time since 2010 more customers own Apple iPhones than Android-based phones. What if this trend continues in other countries as well?

3\. Android permission & security - have you done any research about the overlay feature of Android? Android OS has quite changed during the years. We have seen that Android has introduced more restrictions than previously. What if the trend goes that Android enforces more restrictions and disables the overlay/float possibility for apps? We discussed it that this feature can be quite dangerous, apps can steal personal data. What is the plan to convince the user that our app won't do that?

4\. Single Army Person - for short term that is okay, for long term that will be a problem. I know that without proper investment, bootstrapping or having a revenue channel it won't be possible to add more members to the team (employees). Of course adding more developers doesn't necessary mean that it will shorten the development time, but it definitely will help a lot.

5\. Competitors - what would be our edge? What are we going to make better than our competitors? What features have you planned that will differentiate us from e.g. Bubble screen translator?
